# bbb
I would have called it bbbb but that would be ridiculous 

## Outline

This project serves as an excuse to get better at React, specifically 
in terms of creating and managing components. Second to that goal is
the main functionality of the app, which is meant to be a replacement
for the ISU BlackBoard Learn page, with some added functions of the
TopHat attendance and in-class quizzes. Other features will be mostly 
student-facing and mainly UI elements and improvements.

## Goals

1. Git gud at React. This is the first and foremost goal of working on 
this project. It is meant to be a learning experience rather than a 
project that focuses on deliverables. This differs greatly from most 
of the projects I have worked on for classes or work, since those have 
the pesky requirement of being useful.

2. Homebrew. No external or copy-pasta assets. This will allow me to 
also practice on maintainable CSS and project structure.

3. Integrate Flux a la Redux. In wake of a failed Hackathon project, I 
vow to restore my honor in actually understanding Redux Flux to a 
reasonable degree.

## Problems with current Blackboard

#### Responsiveness
There is none. On mobile it looks terrible. It also has terrible load 
times, and switching pages is E V E N  S  L  O  W  E  R. Aim to fix 
that with better data flow within the page and smarter net requests.

#### Discussion Board
Looks bad, feels bad, and navigating through it is a pain. Going back 
a page doesn't work - you have to click twice for no reason.

#### Organization
Simplify and NORMALIZE course pages. I hate going in and every course 
has different links and tabs and nothing is organized. Essentially, 
professors need to learn organization BY FORCE!!

#### Feature barren
Blackboard is, at its core, used to post lecture slides, give quizzes, 
and post grades. As such it fails to help students as much as it 
should. A few extra features would be nice...

1. Syllabus Forms. Have the professor fill out how grades break down 
and feed that into the grades page. Have a running grade for the course 
using that info, and maybe a "What do I need on the Final" calculator. 
Simple stuff.

2. Attendance Quizzes. There's already quizzes on Blackboard, so why 
not just add the option to have them have some way of being what 
professors use for attendance quizzes? Why make students pay for a 
service that could be done with the current infrastructure?

Side Note: Required attendance is generally a sign of a poor class, but 
since professors insist, I'd rather not have to pay for TopHat.

## Contributing
Nah.

## Color Scheme
Colors Generated by [coolors.co](https://coolors.co) No, this is not 
cheating because I made up the rules.

Background : #2A2B2A
Foreground : #706C61
Text       : #F8F4E3
Accent 1   : #8DA7BE
Accent 2   : #C297B8
